Wow
[Music]
all right welcome back soundcheck
sessions once again I'm your man as
always
Ryan well here to talk to you today
about the most popular guitar pedal of
all time it's the workhorse it's the
original dunlop crybaby
GCB 95 and this pedal has been used by
countless guitar greats such as my
personal favorite Dave Gilmour not to
mention Hendrix Eric Clapton Buddy Guy
etc so I'm gonna take a look at the
pedal here it's really basic pedal so
not too much to discuss but let's have a
look here anyway so as you can see here
really basic unit just has a one foot
switch which turns it on and off and
then you'd rock back and forth on the
pedal to sweep that tone to give you
that nice wah-wah effect so let's have a
quick listen of what that sounds like
[Music]
all right now that we've had a listen to
this pedal let's just talk about the
pros and cons and the pros definitely
outweighing the cons here first thing
being it's a very well-built pedal very
sturdy very durable you can throw it off
a build and put it under a train it's
knocking a brake exaggerating a little
bit but it's really good really well
built and not only this is have a really
nice range of tone but it's easily moved
by the foot but it's not so loose that
you're going to switch the effect off
which is nice the pedal is also AC and
battery operated with easy access on the
bottom of the pedal to get to the 9-volt
battery another pro is this pedal is a
lot cheaper than other wall pedals that
are out there so anyone who's maybe
starting out playing guitar doesn't have
a lot of money to spend on effects
pedals this is not going to break the
bank and for what you get the durability
the tone all that it's a fantastic pedal
to have now the cons not really any
major cons the only one that I do have
with it is the AC adapter sometimes has
a tendency to slide out and therefore
causing a loss of power to the pedal I
don't know that the AC adapter has built
for this powe maybe you have something
different it might fit and stay a bit
more secure or fusing it a pedal board
it might not be an issue at all but
that's the only thing I observed
all right with that said this brings us
to the part of the review that I like to
call the shameless plug and what that is
basically for those of you who don't
know when I'm not here talking to you
guys at home I'm an indie filmmaker and
I've made a film called the notorious
Newman brothers so I urge you to check
that out it's a dark comedy mockumentary
in the whole gangster genre you can
check it out at the notorious Newman
brothers calm or retro films
entertainment calm wash trailers read
reviews it's a good time guarantee now
overall as I said great great peddle
price durability tone I'll make this the
best selling guitar pedal of all time so
thanks again for watching I'll see you
next week
[Music]